Even if your country or company
offers healthcare insurance,
it doesn't mean everything is covered, okay,
in many situations.
Dental, for example, might not be covered
as it's thought of as cosmetic.
And when I lived in Canada, I remember,
dental insurance I had to get separately.
Health insurance was paid for by the government,
which is awesome, but dental was not.
Now, your company that you work for
might already have discounted dental plans available,
so always just ask them
what insurance benefits they offer.
And just find out if the company that you work for
has a group policy, which is the most common
healthcare insurance policy.
Since the policy covers many people,
the price can be much lower.
It's kinda of a perk for working at a big company sometimes.
Although I hate the bureaucracy there.
That's just me.
Okay, also before spending money
on your kids' or spouse's dental or eye care,
see if your company already has vision
and dental care programs included for the whole family.
Like Christine, my wife, works for a big tech company,
and they cover vision and dental for the whole family
so I don't have to pay that from my company,
which is cool.
And if you cannot be part of a group policy,
then do a lot of price shopping
for a policy that covers your family,
and speak to at least five different healthcare insurers
as you search online for the best policy for you.
Prices and options vary dramatically.